imagine that everything you have
everything you worked for is destroyed
all of it gone in a
moment Yasin Al jar says he is in shock
a university Professor he was forced to
head south with his family on the third
day of the war he tells us it took 15
years to build his
home it's a massive shock it took me a
lifetime to build this house for me and
my brothers and just like that
I'm back to square
one there is no insurance here no
compensation what is gone is gone the
ceasefire has given a brief safe space
for some people to return to their
neighborhoods once a bustling Community
now a carcass of
war the sheer destruction and scale of
loss impossible to
comprehend this is near hunis in the
south many who've been displaced from
the north have not been allowed to
return by Israeli forces we ask yaser's
9-year-old son how he
feels I'm really sad but we're staying
here he
says I lost all my books I miss my bed
and my toys
too they say they prefer staying here
than the UN school which had become
their temporary
shelter we are a family of four and our
house was made up of four floors the
ground floor is a commercial shop my
brother lives with his family in the
first floor while the other brother on
the second my family and I live on the
fourth floor we now sitting in what was
once the kitchen that was the fridge and
that the oven this is the only area
where we could sit the rest is a total
wreck this family just one out of tens
of thousands who have lost
everything yine tells us they still
thank God for what they have for those
who survived
and for the little things they can still
find in the rubble they just found a
photograph he tells us just small
details but part of their memories of a
life that will never be the
same Stephanie Decker
alera make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer